# Read me

## Software development transparancy
In this file, we'll try to detail as much as we can about how the code has been made.\
As this program has been constructed with both our own code and generative AI like Github Copilot and ChatGPT, we felt the need to clarify.\n

### kanban.js
* The basis structure of the `allowDrop(event)` function has been initially generated with Github Copilot, adjusted by us to save the information locally. The idea to use `appendChild` was our own and has been added by ourselves as well.
* The basis structure of the `function drag(event)` has been generated by Github Copilot, by our own addition of the `parentNode`.
* The `function drop(event)` has been generated by Github Copilot with **empty** if-statements. The usage of the right methods has been added by us.
* The method `addTask()` has been fully generated by Github Copilot.
* The basis structure of the `removeTask()` is fully custom. Initially we tried to make it with Github Copilot, but Github Copilot didn't manage to understand the part of substracting the points.
* The `saveTasks()` is customly made and uses local storage for now, ChatGPT 3.5 gave a few suggestions, from some have been accepted and some not.
* The `loadTasks()` managed to get fully generated by Github Copilot after the `saveTasks()` method had been completed.
* The `selectTask()` method and its addEventListener 'click' have been generated by ChatGPT 3.5.
* The `toggleMode()` method for dark- and lightmode, are fully custom.
* The `updatePoints()`, `addPoints()` and `substractPoints()` have been generated by Github Copilot.
* The `savePoints()` and `restorePoints()` methods have been written custom by ourselves.

### tests.js
* All tests in tests.js have been generated entirely with Github Copilot.

### auth.js
* The initial document has been generated with Github Copilot, with needed custom adjustments.

### Javascript in accountregister.html
* The Javascript within the `<script>` had been generated by Github Copilot.

### CSS
* All CSS has been customly made, with the only exception for asking Bing Chat for information about css in different modes. (Light-mode & Dark-mode).